Did the coverage affect, do you think, your feelings of being Welsh or of Welshness?
Well it certainly, I mean we've had many, many worse disasters since, haven't we, you know?
But you see these, these were like family, you know? I mean you're not, you're not,
we're not talking about Russians or now today Japanese, you weren't talking about,
you were talking about people like yourselves. Children were like the children who lived in the
street, you know? I mean that's why it was, it affected, affected us so much I think.
The numbers were terrific because if, if I remember, I remember somebody saying that
this was the first time that anything of this, of this scale had been televised, you see?
Because television, it was still comparatively new, wasn't it, you know? So this was bringing it
into the home, you know? All right, you might have read news of some other disaster in the newspaper,
but those were black and white things, you know, that you were reading. But this was coming to
our homes, you know? And as I say, the fact that it was people, like, like the people who live in
our street made it ten times worse, I think, you know?